SP-2280: Updates to DP release schedule and for the start of Prompt Products release (#49)
lsst/rtn-011: timeline.tex

However, there is still the possibility of the assumptions underlying these distributions being wrong; this is just our best estimate at the current time.

\input{tables/rubin_ops_timeline}
%\begin{figure}[htb]
%\centering
%\includegraphics[width=0.98\linewidth]{lsst_timeline}
%\caption{Rubin Operations Key Milestones for Early Science}
%\label{fig:ops-timeline}
%\vspace{0.1cm}
%\end{figure}

> The next key milestone in the Early Science Program is the start of LSST alerts in late 2025 and the start of the LSST in early 2026. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next key milestones in the Early Science Program are the start of LSST alerts in late 2025, and the start of the LSST in early 2026. 
```

> The next key milestone in the Early Science Program is the start of LSST alerts in late 2025 and the start of the LSST in early 2026. 

Reviewer: "milestones" and "are" in the most recent version of the document (since your suggestions were written)
